{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This is a multiple linear regression analysis of the MechCar mpg dataset. After inputing the formula the variables/coefficients that provided a non-random amount of variance to the mpg values were intercept, vehicle length and ground clearance. Based on the summary of statistic drawn from my multiple linear regression the formula for the slope is y = 6.27+00e vehicle_length + 1.25e-03 vehicle_weight + 6.88e-02 spoiler_angle + 3.55e+00 ground_clearance + -3.41e+00 AWD + -1.04e+02, which would indicate that the slope is not 0. This is due to some of the variables having non-random amounts of variance. The Adjusted R-squared value of this model is .6825, which means it will predict the mpg effectively because the value is between 0 and 1. However the model may not predict another data set as well because of the lack of significant variables. \uc0\u8232 For the Suspension Coil Summary data the metrics are as follows: Mean = 1498.78, Median = 1500, Variance = 62.29356, Standard Deviation = 7.892627. Since the variance is below 100 pounds per inch the current manufacturing data does meet the design specification. Using the One-Sample t-Test I found that the p-value of the suspension coil data compared with the mean was .4383. This is more than the .05 percent significance level. This is evidence to accept the null hypothesis and state that the two means are different. \
In my study to show how MechaCar outperforms the competition I would compare cost, safety rating, fuel efficiency and model types. The questions would be how much is each vehicle, what do professional rate the vehicle in terms of safety, what is mile to gallon ratio and how many different model types are offered. I would use the Two Sample t-Test to simply determine the means of the data of MechaCar and the competition to see which mean is greater. Numerical data and data collected through surveys and polls would need to be collected. }